<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j">
<head>
<style type="text/css">
.myContentStyle {
	background-color: aqua;
}

.myContentStyle1 {
	background-color: lime;
}

.myHeaderStyle {
	color: red;
}

.myHeaderStyle1 {
	background: purple;
}

.myHeaderStyleActive {
	background: aqua;
}

.myHeaderStyleActive1 {
	background: olive;
}

.rich-panelbar {
	background-color: silver;
}

.myClass {
	font-style: italic;
	font-stretch: narrower;
}
</style>
</head>
<body>
	<rich:panelBar width="453" height="207" contentClass="myContentStyle1"
		contentStyle="color: brown;" headerClass="myHeaderStyle1"
		headerStyle="color: green" headerClassActive="myHeaderStyleActive1"
		headerStyleActive="color: white;" style="font-weight: bold;"
		styleClass="myClass">
		<rich:panelBarItem label="nice" contentClass="myContentStyle"
			contentStyle="color: green;" headerClass="myHeaderStyle"
			headerStyle="background: yellow;"
			headerClassActive="myHeaderStyleActive"
			headerStyleActive="color: blue; background: red;">
				An automated testing facility is in our roadmap for the near future. This facility will generate test cases for your component as soon as you develop it. The testing framework will not just test the components, but also any other server-side or client-side functionality including JavaScript code. What is more, it will do all of this without deploying the test application into the Servlet container.
					<h:graphicImage value="/pictures/pic1.jpg" />
		</rich:panelBarItem>
		<rich:panelBarItem label="good">
			<f:facet name="label">
				<h:graphicImage value="/pictures/pic1.jpg" />
			</f:facet>
			<f:verbatim>Ajax4jsf is fully integrated into the JSF lifecycle. While other frameworks only give you access to the managed bean facility, Ajax4jsf advantages the action and value change listeners as well as invokes server-side validators and converters during the AJAX request-response cycle.</f:verbatim>
		</rich:panelBarItem>
		<rich:panelBarItem label="good"
			headerClassActive="myHeaderStyleActive"
			headerStyleActive="color: blue;">
			<f:facet name="label">
				<h:outputText value="Guess who?" />
			</f:facet>
			<f:verbatim>Ajax4jsf is fully integrated into the JSF lifecycle. While other frameworks only give you access to the managed bean facility, Ajax4jsf advantages the action and value change listeners as well as invokes server-side validators and converters during the AJAX request-response cycle.</f:verbatim>
		</rich:panelBarItem>
	</rich:panelBar>
</body>
</html>